Review of Episode 07: Open project collaboration & management (#94)
carpentries-incubator/fair-research-software: episodes/07-open-collaboration.md

#### LGPL

In order to allow library software to be combined with ("linked" in

> technical terms) other software that's not GPLed, a special version of the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
technical terms) other software that is not GPLed, a special version of the
```
